# Task: Development of a one-page site for the company IceCream.

## The layout is responsive, except for mobile devices. Breaking points:

- mobile: rubber layout, becomes adaptive at 480px;
- tablet: 768px;
- desktop: 1200px

## The layout is responsive, except for mobile devices. Breaking points:

- mobile: rubber layout, becomes adaptive at 480px;
- tablet: 768px;
- desktop: 1200px

## The layout must be validated on the validator -

(https://validator .w3.org/, https://validator .w3.org/unicorn/)

## Ensure compliance with HTML5 semantics.

## To ensure the optimization of vector and raster graphics sizes

## Provide image display support for retina screens

## Optimize image loading.

## Add page favicon display.

# Project structure.

- Hero header
- Products
- About
- Advantages
- Gallery
- Customer Reviews
- Contacts
- Footer

## Hero

- Header The logo, navigation menu and button are located in the header.

- The logo on the layout is displayed in png format.

- The navigation menu on mobile and tablet versions is displayed as a sidebar
  outgoing panel. The mobile menu is fixed, the height corresponds to the height
  viewport. The menu is implemented with anchor links that lead to the relevant
  ones layout sections.

- The "Buy now" button opens a modal window with an order form (implementation
  modal window is optional).

- The text “Ice cream made with passion” is the title of the page.

- The “Products” and “How it's made” buttons placed below the title are anchors
  links to the relevant sections.

- Pictures on Hero should be positioned absolutely. Additionally, they can be
  done animated appearance during page loading.

## Products

- “100% natural” - is a title label and is not distinguished by a title tag.
- "products" is the section title.

- Design product cards as a grid of elements.

- The images on the product cards are decorative, they must be implemented
  pseudo-elements.

- Product names are headings.

- The button with an arrow at the bottom of the card should open a detailed
  description of the product. Since there is no description design, this is an
  additional task.

## About (how it’s made?)

- “tradition and love” is a title label and is not distinguished by a title tag.
- "how it's made?" - Section title.

- The section presents a block with paragraphs and a "Read more" button. The
  button has open a modal window with a full description (there is no modal
  window implementation mandatory task).

- The decorative image with the cow should be absolutely positioned according to
  the layout.

## Advantages

- The section has no visible title. Need to make a hidden header for crawlers

- The section contains a list of benefits. It must be implemented as a grid
  elements.

- Layout preference icons are displayed in png format. They are necessary in
  typesetting implement with pseudo-elements.

## Gallery

- In the section there is a two-color background, it must be implemented by
  positioning the background image according to the layout. The image in the
  content section. You can additionally choose thematic images of ice cream and
  make them an animated change.

## Customer Reviews

- The section presents a slider with customer reviews.

- Markers at the bottom of the slide are page-by-page pagination of the slider.
  If you connect slide library to the project, they do not need to be edited,
  they are automatic are generated by the library. It will only be necessary to
  make pagination stylization.

## Contacts

- The section has no visible title. Need to make a hidden header for crawlers

- The section contains a list of addresses of the company's representative
  offices. It is necessary implement as a grid of elements.

- The inscriptions “Cafe” and “Food Truck” are not headings. These are the
  categories of representative offices.

- Contact phone numbers and email are links. They must be implemented with using
  link protocols.

- “Our Locations” and “Franchise” buttons should open a modal window with marked
  card (implementation of modal windows is not a mandatory task).

## Footer

- A duplicate header is placed in the footer, do not highlight it with the
  header tag necessary.

- In the footer there is a list of social network links.

- Icons of social networks are made using svg-sprite.

- Links should open the start page of the social network on a new one tabs

- The phone number must be implemented using link protocols.

### ! It is MANDATORY to implement the correct layout of the layout.

### ! The presence of sliders, animations and modal windows IS NOT MANDATORY, and

implemented if there is a desire and time for implementation.
